"N A T U R A L  A N D  G R E E N  E N V I R O N M E N T"
 
This package is for those who loves to experience and witness nature and enjoys a watery and green environment.

Day 1,2: Naltar Valley
Naltar is famous for its colorful lakes. World’s tastiest potatoes are cultivated here. If you really want to experience paradise in this world, you should visit Naltar at least once. This place will make you fall in love with its beauty and attraction. 

Day 3,4: Hunza
Hunza is a mountainous valley in the autonomous Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan. Hunza is situated in the northern part of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, bordering with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west. It is one of the most famous places when it comes to tourism.

Day 4: Baltoro Glacier
In Pakistan’s eastern Karakoram, Baltoro Glacier is one of the world’s largest valley glaciers. Though difficult to access, it is one of the most highly trafficked regions in Pakistan because of mountaineering destinations like K2, Broad Peak, and the Gasherbrum peaks at its head. The area is not only known for its stunning scenery, but as a life source–a large portion northern Pakistan’s population depends on melt water from the Karakoram glaciers.

Day 5,6: Attabad Lake
Nestled in the Hunza Valley, Attabad Lake’s vibrant turquoise waters cut through the rocky terrain. Though beautiful, the serene landscape has a violent origin story. Today, it's a popular stop for tourists who can take boats out on the water.

Day 7: Neelum Valley
Neelum is one of the most beautiful valleys of Azaad Kashmir, and it hosts several brooks, freshwater streams, forests, lush green mountains, and a river. Here, you see cataracts falling down the mountains; their milky-white waters flowing over the roads and splashing against the rocks, before commingling with the muddy waters of River Neelum.

Day 8,9: Jhelum valley
Jhelum Valley is a valley in Jhelum Valley District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is a 50 kilometers long valley located along with Jhelum surrounded by lush green mountains. Hattian Bala is the main town and district headquarters of the valley.

Day 10,11: Lake Saif-ul-mulook
Saif-ul-Muluk is a mountainous lake located at the northern end of the Kaghan Valley, Saif-ul-Muluk was formed by glacial moraines that blocked the water of the stream passing through the valley.

Day 12: Kalasha Valley
Nestled between the Hindu Kush mountain range in Chitral. These beautiful valleys are home to the indigenous and unique Kalash tribe. The mesmerizing beauty of the area, the meadows, and the unique architecture of the houses make this place worth exploring.

Day 13,14: Yarkhon Valley
Yarkhun can be found in Upper Chitral, the most northern part of the KPK province. Yarkhun is remote and has very little infrastructure. Farming is the major trade in these parts, and in some places you might see more goats than people.