"H I S T O R I C A L  E N V I R O N M E N T"

This package is for those who have keen interest in history and wants a thoughtful environmental to explore and adventure.

Day 1: Mohen-Jo-Daro
Mohen-Jo-Daro is an archaeological site discovered in 1921. It is part of the famous Indus Valley Civilization and shares similarities to Harappa. These remnants of the world’s oldest civilization have been classified by UNESCO as a protected heritage site.

Day 2,3: Makli	
Makli is actually a necropolis in the famous and the historic city of Thatta. The history of Makli dates back to the 14th century. People flock here from different parts of the country and even from outside Pakistan for witnessing the amazing mausoleums and the monuments in the country. The best thing about the place is that it is built with the use of some really top quality stone, glazed tiles and the bricks which represents the actual Sindh civilization of the time.

Day 4: Noor Mahal
This one hundred and fifty years old palace in Bahawalpur was built by Nawab Subah Sadiq Muhammad Khan IV for his wife. His wife only spent a night in the palace due to the proximity of Basti Maluk Shah grave yard.

Day 5,6: Shalimar Gardens
The Shalimar Gardens a Persian type garden complex built by the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan in 1641 A.D is situated in Lahore, Pakistan. It is one of the most significant among other Mughal Garden

Day 7,8: Badshahi Mosque
The Badshahi Mosque is a Mughal era mosque in Lahore, capital of the Pakistani province of Punjab, Pakistan. The mosque is located west of Lahore Fort along the outskirts of the Walled City of Lahore, and is widely considered to be one of Lahore's most iconic landmarks

Day 9,10: Lahore Fort
The Lahore Fort is a citadel in the city of Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. The fortress is located at the northern end of walled city Lahore, and spreads over an area greater than 20 hectares. It contains 21 notable monuments, some of which date to the era of Emperor Akbar. 

Day 11,12: Tomb Of Jahangir
The location of this tomb is in the Lahore suburbs in Shahdara, and it is a place that was specially chosen because Jahangir’s wife liked it so much and wanted it to be the final resting place of her husband. The uniqueness of the tomb, however, lies in its construction and whose resting place it is.
