"H O T  A N D  W I N D Y  E N V I R O N M E N T"

This package is for those who likes to travel in hot and windy environment. This package will consist of some hilly regions of Pakistan.

Day 1, 2: Islamabad
Islamabad is the capital city of Pakistan, and is federally administered as part of the Islamabad Capital Territory. Islamabad is the ninth largest city in Pakistan. The city is known for the presence of several parks and forests, including the Margalla Hills National Park and the Shakarparian. The city is home to several landmarks, with the most notable one being the Faisal Mosque - the largest mosque in South Asia and the fourth largest in the world. Other landmarks include the Pakistan National Monument and Democracy Square.

Day 3: Muree
The Murree Galliat region is known for its scenic vistas of pine- and oak-covered mountains, criss-crossed with springs and rivulets and dotted with lawns and orchards. On clear days a good view of the snowy peaks of Kashmir is possible, and the crest of Nanga Parbat can sometimes be seen. Tourist attractions in the area include the Murree Wildlife Park.Whereas Arjun Bhandari, a senior journalist of Nepal, says the place looks like Nagarkot, a tourist destination of Bhaktapur, Nepal.

Day 4,5: Nathiagali
Nathia Gali town also serves as the administrative centre of Nathia Gali Union Council. It is today located in what is the Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is forested with pine, cedar, oak walnut and also oak and maple trees.
During the summer, Nathia Gali is relatively popular amongst tourists, but due to its limited area and availability of property, it is not thronged by as many people as the hill-station Murree, which is only an hour away, even though it has more recreation. Nathiagali is known for a beautiful trek that leads to Thandiani that passes through Dagri naka

Day 6,7: Naran-kaghan
Naran Kaghan is famous as a tourist destination, owing to its pleasant weather in peak season every year thousands of tourists rush to explore the valley. It is also the gateway to Gilgit Hunza in Summers by Babusar Pass. Naran Bazaar is very crowded in summers with hotels and restaurants offering their services.

Day 8: Hunza
Hunza is a mountainous valley in the autonomous Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan. Hunza is situated in the northern part of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, bordering with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west. It is one of the most famous places when it comes to tourism.

Day 9,10: Skardu
Skardu, along with Gilgit, is a major tourism, trekking and expedition hub in Gilgit–Baltistan. The mountainous terrain of the region, which includes four of the world's 14 Eight-thousander peaks, attracts tourists, trekkers and mountaineers from around the world. The main tourist season is from April to October; except at this time, the area can be cut off for extended periods by the snowy, freezing winter weather.

Day 11,12: Azad Kashmir
Azad Kashmir is also one of the most fascinating and attractive spots for tourism. The southern parts of Azad Kashmir including Bhimber, Mirpur and Kotli districts has extremely hot weather in summers and moderate cold weather in winters. 

Day 13,14: Muzaffarabad
Muzaffarabad is the capital of the Pakistan-administered territory of Azad Jammu and Kashmir. It is the largest city of Azad Kashmir and 60th largest in Pakistan.
The city is located in Muzaffarabad District near the confluence of the Jhelum and Neelum rivers. The district is bounded by the province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in the west, by the Kupwara and Baramulla districts of Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir in the east, and the Neelum District of Azad Kashmir in the north.