"C O L D  A N D  C A L M  E N V I R O N M E N T"

This package is for those who likes a calm and cold environment.

Day 1: Lahore
Lahore is the capital of the Pakistani province of Punjab, and is the country's 2nd largest city after Karachi, as well as the 18th largest city proper in the world. Lahore is one of Pakistan's wealthiest cities.

Day 2,3: Badshahi Mosque, Minar-e-Pakistan
As we all know Minar-e-Pakistan is one of the most famous locations in Pakistan. Many people are eagerly waiting to avail the opportunity to visit Minar-e-Pakistan. In addition, Badshahi Mosque is also one of the most beautiful places in Pkaistan. 

Day 4: Muree
The Muree region is known for its scenic vistas of pine- and oak-covered mountains, criss-crossed with springs and rivulets and dotted with lawns and orchards. On clear days a good view of the snowy peaks of Kashmir is possible, and the crest of Nanga Parbat can sometimes be seen. Tourist attractions in the area include the Murree Wildlife Park.Whereas Arjun Bhandari, a senior journalist of Nepal, says the place looks like Nagarkot, a tourist destination of Bhaktapur, Nepal.

Day 5,6: Nathiagali
Nathia Gali town also serves as the administrative centre of Nathia Gali Union Council. It is today located in what is the Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is forested with pine, cedar, oak walnut and also oak and maple trees. During the summer, Nathia Gali is relatively popular amongst tourists, but due to its limited area and availability of property, it is not thronged by as many people as the hill-station Murree, which is only an hour away, even though it has more recreation. Nathiagali is known for a beautiful trek that leads to Thandiani that passes through Dagri naka.

Day 7: Malam jabba
Malam Jabba is home to one of the two ski resorts in Pakistan; the other is at Naltar, Gilgit Baltistan. On the main Madyan-Kalam road, the road turns to the right at Manglor town (12 km from Saidu Sahrif), for the Malam-Jabba Dara which has a series of small villages and settlements like Salanda, Jehanabad, Talegraam, Badar, Ser, Malam, Kishora, Spine Oba, and finally Jabba.

Day 8: Swat valley
Swat District is a district in Malakand Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan. Centred upon the upper portions of the Swat River. Swat lies in the lap of mountainous ranges, which are the offshoots of Hindukush, so the larger part of Swat is covered with high mountains and hills, the crests of which are hidden by everlasting snow. Though these gigantic ranges run irregularly: some to the west while the others to the east, the general direction is North-South.

Day 9,10: Lake Saif-ul-mulook
Saiful Muluk is a mountainous lake located at the northern end of the Kaghan Valley Saiful Muluk was formed by glacial moraines that blocked the water of the stream passing through the valley.

Day 11: Quetta
Quetta is the provincial capital and largest city of the Province of Balochistan in Pakistan. It is also the 10th largest city of Pakistan. The city is known as the "Fruit Garden of Pakistan," due to the numerous fruit orchards in and around it, and the large variety of fruits and dried fruit products produced there.

Day 12: Jhelum valley
Jhelum Valley is a valley in Jhelum Valley District of with  surrounded by lush green mountains. Hattian Bala is the main town and district headquarters of the valley.

Day 13,14: Gorakh hill station
Gorakh Hill is a hill station of Sindh, Pakistan. The Gorakh hill station is situated 423 km (263 mi) from Karachi and nearly 8 hours' driving distance. The Hill station attracts thousands of tourists from the city.    
